{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Dennis Gonor\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\b Software Engineer}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 San Jose, CA 95134 | +1 (510) 585-30-88 | {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:dennis.gonor@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
dennis.gonor@gmail.com
}}}
 | Creen Card | github.com/honoyr | linkedin.com/in/gonor\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\b C/C++, Java, JavaScript (ES6), TypeScript, Angular, Axios, Node.js, Express, API design knowledge, SQL, MongoDB, HTML, CSS, Webpack, npm, Linux, Unix, bash, Git Flow, Google Cloud Platform, Design patterns, OOP, Jira, Agile/Scrum}\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Summary\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 2+ years of commercial experience in building scalable web services and applications. I build flexible scalable and testable software applying my experience from my previous projects. I am always following the best practices in coding style, have experience with CD/CI integration and UNIT/INTEGRITY testing.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4320\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.postohub.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
POSTOHUB
}}}
:}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 April 2019 - present ( Fremont, CA)\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Software Engineer, Co-founder}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 PostoHub is an email marketing tool to send millions of emails.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Responsibilities:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Monitored and managed the PostoHub email ecosystem to ensure that PostoHub can continue to attract and retain enterprise customers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Optimized processes, tools, and data to ensure that customers get the full value of the PostoHub platform.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Our team became a finalist for the Global Startup Architecture hosted by AWS. I initiated and support to take part in the challenge.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Received 15k $ from Amazon Portfolio Program (AWS Activate).\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I have an in-depth understanding of the technical aspects of email, including FBLs, DKIM, SPF, DMARC. I have knowledge in email deliverability and requirements from a legislative (CANSPAM, CASL, GDPR etc.) and ISP (Gmail, Microsoft, Yahoo! etc.) perspective.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Designed and implemented Email Editor - user retention grew by 33%.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented integration and administered 3rd-party email deliverability tools.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed/maintained and extended PostoHub frontend and backend website and app.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Looked for and proposed changes to the code base and processes that improve the quality and efficiency of the product such as:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab registration process - bounce rate decreased by 68%.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab uploading user data decreased from 10 to 3 sec.\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Tools and Technologies: AWS, Node.js, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular, Git\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4320\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK ""}}{\fldrslt{\ul
WOW PRODUCTION
}}}
:}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2014 - 2017\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Founder and Executive Producer}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Searched for new clients\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Designed and implemented a corporate website\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Adopted CRM system, created company\u8217's internal Wikipedia\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Arranged and managed every single aspect of movie production (budgeting, logistics, scouting for locations, hiring and managing staff, renting equipment etc)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Achievements: Our movies were successfully sold to the biggest video content distributors. One of them is present on Amazon Prime Video. A few of our short movies got festival awards including RiFF best international film production award.\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4320\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK ""}}{\fldrslt{\ul
AQUACLEAN
}}}
:}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2009 - 2017\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Business Owner}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ran aquarium service company and online pet store with 16 000 items.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Technical Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Colorizer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 B&W Photo Colorization Web Application - I created this project with my friend to be able to colorize old black & white family pictures.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Open Source\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 42 School {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://cheatera.pp.ua/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Student Portal
}}}
 - open source project on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/cheatera-pp-ua/cheatera.pp.ua"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
github
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Lingua\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://youtu.be/7Cx90xXxALc"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Voice application
}}}
 for English learners created for the {\b Bixby Marketplace}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.42.us.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
42 Silicon Valley
}}}
 2017 -2020}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Software engineering school in the San Francisco Bay Area - {\b Computer Science}.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://kneu.edu.ua/en/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
KYIV NATIONAL ECONOMIC UNIVERSITY
}}}
 2008 - 2013 }\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Master Degree, {\b Finance}.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Skills & Interests\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Language: Fluent Russian and Ukrainian\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Hobbies: Aquariums, Robotics, IoT, building my Family Tree. I love travelling!\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 *Online resume - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.site.cab/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
site.cab
}}}
\par}
}
